Long read mapping with sanger-tol subworkflow (#211)
sanger-tol/readmapping: CHANGELOG.md

- Add [Blobtk depth](https://github.com/genomehubs/blobtk/wiki/blobtk-depth) to calculate read coverage
- Add [FastQC](https://github.com/s-andrews/FastQC/releases/tag/v0.12.1) for quality control of reads
- Add [hifi-trimmer](https://github.com/sanger-tol/hifi-trimmer) instead of [HifiAdapterFilt](https://github.com/sheinasim-USDA/HiFiAdapterFilt) approach to filter PacBio reads
- Add [Lima](https://github.com/PacificBiosciences/barcoding) to trim ULI adapter and demultiplex ULI reads
- Add [MultiQC](https://github.com/MultiQC/MultiQC) to aggregate quality control statistics
- Add [pbmarkdup](https://github.com/PacificBiosciences/pbmarkdup) to remove ULI duplicates

> - Replace chunking alignment with [sanger-tol/cram_map_long_read](https://github.com/sanger-tol/nf-core-modules/blob/main/subworkflows/sanger-tol/cram_map_long_reads) and [sanger-tol/cram_map_illumina_hic](https://github.com/sanger-tol/nf-core-modules/blob/main/subworkflows/sanger-tol/cram_map_illumina_hic)

Reviewer: `main` doesn't have chunking so we can't say "replace"
```suggestion
- Align data in chunks with [sanger-tol/cram_map_long_read](https://github.com/sanger-tol/nf-core-modules/blob/main/subworkflows/sanger-tol/cram_map_long_reads) and [sanger-tol/cram_map_illumina_hic](https://github.com/sanger-tol/nf-core-modules/blob/main/subworkflows/sanger-tol/cram_map_illumina_hic)
```
